working-groups: add pitr working group (#132)
pingcap/community: working-groups/wg-pitr.md

# PITR Working Group

> PITR(Point in Time Recovery) is an ecosystem tool for TiDB Binlog. By preprocessing the incremental backup file of TiDB, PITR merged the changes of the same line of data to produce a new, lighter incremental backup file, which greatly reduced the Time of incremental backup Recovery and realized fast-pitr.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PITR (Point in Time Recovery) is an eco-system tool for TiDB Binlog. By preprocessing the incremental backup file of TiDB, PITR merges the changes of the same row of data to produce a new, lighter incremental backup file. This greatly reduces the time consumed for incremental backup recovery and achieves a fast point in time recovery.
```

Reviewer: > realized fast-pitr

this should be used in the descriptive sense, not the feature name.

# PITR Working Group

> PITR is an ecosystem tool for TiDB Binlog. By preprocessing the incremental backup file of TiDB, PITR merged the changes of the same line of data to produce a new, lighter incremental backup file, which greatly reduced the Time of incremental backup Recovery and realized fast-pitr (Fast Point in Time Recovery).

Reviewer 2: what does `PITR` mean?

Reviewer 3: Point in Time Recovery

Reviewer 2: Please add this explanation to the documents.

> ## Stakeholder SIGs

Reviewer 2: we can remove this section if it's not determinate

To be discussed.

## Meetings

> To be discussed.

Reviewer 2: please add public meeting notes and meeting zoom for this working group.

## Organizers

* WangXiangUSTC (**[@wangxiangustc](https://github.com/WangXiangUSTC)**), PingCAP
* HuaiyuXu (**[@huaiyuxu](https://github.com/XuHuaiyu)**), PingCAP
* AilinKid (**[@AilinKid](https://github.com/AilinKid)**), PingCAP
* tsthght(**[@tsthght](https://github.com/tsthght)**), MeiTuan

## Contact

> - Slack: [#pitr-wg](https://tidbcommunity.slack.com/archives/CRH5594F8)

Reviewer 4: we can name the channel as `wg-pitr`.

- [Open Community Issues/PRs](https://github.com/pingcap/community/issues/126)

## Published Documents

> https://github.com/lvleiice/Better-PITR

Reviewer 2: ```
* Design Doc: [中文 (Chinese)](https://github.com/lvleiice/Better-PITR/blob/master/README.md)
```

> ### RFC/Proposal

Reviewer 2: I think it's included in the `Published Documents`, maybe this section can be removed
